Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH!"...
[THINKING]
MY...MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
IT'S...GONE.
Bandit-Bakura:
DIABOUND! DESTROY HIM!
AAH!
I WANT WHAT'S
RIGHTFULLY MINE.
YOUR PUZZLE.
AAH!
WHO'S...THERE?
I AM HE WHO
IS KNOWN AS HASAN.
I HAVE COME TO WARN YOU
OF AN IMPENDING DANGER,
PHARAOH.
ZORC THE DARK ONE
WILL SOON AWAKEN.
WHO IS ZORC?
THE EMBODIMENT
OF PURE DARKNESS.
PLEASE TELL ME
WHAT I CAN DO TO STOP HIM.
WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT,
YOU WILL KNOW.
I MUST WARN THE OTHERS.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Man: FLIGHT COMMAND TO KC-1.
RADAR INDICATES
YOU'VE REACHED EGYPT.
Kaiba: I COULDA
TOLD YOU THAT BY
LOOKING OUT MY WINDOW!
Marik: YOU WERE RIGHT,
ISHIZU.
KAIBA DID SHOW UP.
Kaiba: WHO ARE YOU,
THE WELCOMING COMMITTEE?
Ishizu:
DON'T TELL ME YOU'VE
FORGOTTEN US ALREADY.
HOW COULD I FORGET
THE 3 FREAKS
THAT TURNED MY
BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT
INTO A CIRCUS SIDESHOW?
NOW IF YOU'LL
STEP ASIDE,
I'VE GOT SOME WORK
TO DO.
DON'T BOTHER.
I'M AFRAID WHAT YOU'VE
COME HERE TO FIND
IS NO LONGER IN THERE.
WHY'S THAT?
THE STONE TABLET
HAS BEEN RETURNED
TO ITS RESTING PLACE.
THAT IS WHAT YOU SEEK,
ISN'T IT?
THE PHARAOH'S TABLET?
TABLET? NOT QUITE.
THEN WHY DID YOU COME
ALL THIS WAY, KAIBA?
BECAUSE OF THIS.
THAT PUNK BAKURA
HANDED IT TO ME
JUST BEFORE
HE WALKED OUT
ON OUR DUEL,
SO I'M HERE
TO FINISH THINGS.
BAKURA?
HE MUST BE PLANNING
TO PREVENT THE PHARAOH
FROM FULFILLING
HIS DESTINY.
OH, NO!
WE HAFTA MAKE SURE
HE FAILS!
BUT HOW?
KAIBA, WE NEED YOU,
SO I'LL MAKE YOU A DEAL.
I'LL HELP YOU
LOCATE BAKURA
IF YOU HELP US
TO SAVE THE PHARAOH!
HA HA! I COULD DO THIS
EVERY SINGLE DAY!
THAT'S RIGHT!
JUST BOUNCE
YOUR TROUBLES AWAY!
[LAUGHING]
WHO'S NEXT?!
Joey: I'LL PASS.
RACE YOU
TO THE NILE!
I HEARD
ABOUT BAKURA.
SO HE'S THE EVIL
FORCE YOU BATTLED
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND NOW
HE HAS OUR PUZZLE.
AN ITEM PASSED DOWN
TO ME BY MY FATHER.
YOUR FATHER?
DOES THAT MEAN
YOUR MEMORY'S BACK?
MMM...
ONLY A SMALL PIECE.
A FRAGMENT
OF MY CHILDHOOD.
WHEN I WAS PRINCE,
WHEN MY FATHER
PROTECTED ME.
[SOBBING]
HE WAS A POWERFUL
LEADER,
WHO CREATED
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
IN ORDER TO RESTORE
PEACE TO EGYPT.
BUT I'M AFRAID
THESE 7 OBJECTS HAVE
A DARK SIDE AS WELL.
Tristan:
OH. SO I GUESS
THAT'S WHY BAKURA
WANTS TO GET
A HOLD OF 'EM,
RIGHT, PHARAOH?
CORRECT.
AND I HAVE TO DO
EVERYTHING
IN MY POWER
TO STOP HIM
JUST LIKE I DID
IN THE PAST!
WELL, WE'RE ALL HERE
TO HELP YOU.
HEY! DID YOU EVER LEARN
WHAT YOUR NAME IS?
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
SO IT'S STILL
BLANK, HUH?
NO ONE HERE CALLS ME
BY MY REAL NAME.
THEY REFER TO ME
AS "KING"
OR "PHARAOH."
Mana: HEY!
HUH?
PHARAOH! COME ON IN,
THE WATER'S NICE!
SPLASH FIGHT!
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
REST WELL, KISARA.
YOU POSSESS A GIFT
THAT MIGHT SAVE US.
[ROARING]
NOW THAT YOUR SECRET IS OUT,
MASTER AKNADIN WANTS TO TAKE
THAT POWER AWAY FROM YOU.
WHAT PUZZLES ME IS HOW A MAN
WHO BUILT HIS REPUTATION
ON GIVING MERCY TO CRIMINALS
CAN BE SO HEARTLESS.
WHEN I FIRST ENTERED
THE PHARAOH'S ROYAL COURT,
IT WAS AKNADIN WHO TAUGHT ME
COMPASSION AND REASON.
BUT NOW I HARDLY RECOGNIZE HIM.
MASTER SETO!
I JUST RECEIVED WORD
THAT THE PHARAOH'S
ALL RIGHT!
I KNEW IT!
WHERE IS HE?!
ON THE SOUTH BANK OF
THE RIVER NILE, SIR.
QUICKLY...MOVE THAT GIRL
TO A DIFFERENT ROOM
AND MAKE SURE
NO ONE SEES YOU!
Shimon: MEMBERS OF
THE ROYAL GUARD,
I BRING YOU JOYOUS NEWS!
THE PHARAOH HAS BEEN FOUND!
[CHEERING]
ACCORDING TO MY NECKLACE,
OUR KING IS IN GOOD HEALTH,
AND SHADA WILL SEE TO IT
THAT HE RETURNS SAFELY.
WE CAN ALL
REST EASY NOW.
YES...HIS HIGHNESS IS SAFE.
[THINKING]
IMPOSSIBLE!
HOW COULD HE HAVE
SURVIVED?!
WAIT.
I'M SEEING SOMETHING ELSE.
OH, NO!
HMM?
I HAVE SOME
TERRIBLE NEWS
REGARDING
THE PHARAOH'S
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE!
IT'S MISSING!
WHO ARE YOU?
THAT'S, UH...
YOU ARE A LOT SHORTER
THAN I THOUGHT
YOU'D BE.
HA HA HA! I KID YOU!
UH, PHARAOH, MEET
OUR NEWEST FRIEND
AND HONORARY MEMBER
OF THE GANG--BOBASA.
IF IT HADN'T BEEN
FOR ALL HIS HELP,
THERE'S NO WAY
WE WOULD'VE EVER
FOUND YOU.
AW, SHUCKS.
YOU ARE MAKING ME BLUSH!
BOBASA...
PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
MY KING!
THE PLEASURE
IS ALL MINE!
PHARAOH!
HUH?
MY PHARAOH,
IT'S TRUE.
YOU'RE SAFE.
YES. I'M SORRY
TO HAVE ALARMED EVERYONE.
SO HE CAN'T SEE ME,
RIGHT?
YOU!
HEY!
Shada:
MANA...HALT!
AAH!
HI, SHADA!
DIDN'T EVEN
SEE YOU THERE!
YOU KNEW
HIS WHEREABOUTS
ALL ALONG?!
MAYBE...
BALDY
MEANS BUSINESS.
SHH.
MORE IMPORTANTLY,
WE FOUND BAKURA'S
HIDING SPOT.
EXCELLENT!
WE HAVE TRACED
HIS TRAIL TO
A DESERTED VILLAGE.
IT WAS ONCE KNOWN
AS "KUL ELNA."
[NEIGHING]
ALL RIGHT, MEN!
TO KUL ELNA!
HOLD IT
RIGHT THERE!
WE'RE COMIN', TOO!
IT'S MUCH
TOO DANGEROUS
FOR YOU
TO JOIN ME.
BAKURA HAS
CHALLENGED ME
TO A SHADOW GAME
WITH THE ULTIMATE
STAKES.
YOU SHOULD ALL GO
BACK TO YOUR WORLD
AND LET ME DEAL
WITH MINE.
HYAH!
Yugi: PHARAOH!
COME BACK!
NICE MEETING YOU!
I'M TELLING YA,
HE NEEDS ALL
THE HELP HE CAN GET.
FROM US? JOEY,
WE CAN'T EVEN PICK UP
AN APPLE IN THIS WORLD!
SO HOW CAN WE HELP?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I'M NOT QUITTIN'
THAT EASILY!
JOEY'S RIGHT.
THE PHARAOH WOULD NEVER
GIVE UP ON US, RIGHT?
NO WAY!
Joey: AND WE'RE NOT
GONNA GIVE UP
ON HIM, EITHER!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ABSOLUTELY!
BUT FIRST, WE EAT!
Shimon: SO BAKURA'S
IN THE VILLAGE
OF KUL ELNA?
YES. THE PHARAOH
AND SHADA ARE
ON THEIR WAY NOW.
WE MUST JOIN THEM
AND PROTECT OUR KING.
RIGHT!
[CHEERING]
OH, NO. NOT KUL ELNA!
Shada: I BELIEVE
IT'S JUST AHEAD,
YOUR HIGHNESS!
Soldier:
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
Shada: I AM TOLD
THIS VILLAGE
WAS ONCE POPULATED
WITH CRIMINALS
AND DEVIANTS.
AND ONE DAY,
THEY JUST DISAPPEARED.
HUH?
Soldier: I'VE HEARD
THIS TOWN IS INHABITED
BY GHOSTS!
I HAVE AN IDEA.
LET'S LEAVE A NOTE
FOR BAKURA
AND ASK HIM
IF HE WOULDN'T MIND
MEETING US SOMEWHERE
THAT ISN'T HAUNTED!
ANYONE WITH ME?
UH, I GUESS I'LL
TAKE THAT AS A "NO."
[WHISPERING VOICES]
AAH!
UHH!
AAH! HELP!
WE'RE SURROUNDED!
ALL RIGHT, MY FRIENDS.
THE TIME HAS COME.
IT APPEARS HIS ROYAL
MAJESTY HAS ARRIVED.
WELCOME TO MY HUMBLE ABODE,
PHARAOH.
WHERE I HAVE
THE HOME-FIELD ADVANTAGE!
HA HA HA!
Soldier: TAKE THIS!
Second soldier:
WHAT ARE THESE THINGS?!
HOLD YOUR GROUND!
WE MUST PROTECT OUR KING!
Mahad: MANA, YOU HAVE
THE POWER TO DEFEAT THEM!
BE STRONG!
YOU DON'T NEED
TO PROTECT ME.
I SHOULD REALLY BE
THE ONE PROTECTING YOU,
IF I WANT TO BE
ONE OF YOUR ELITE
SPELL-CASTERS SOMEDAY.
THEN I NEED TO STOP
HIDING BEHIND YOU!
IF MAHAD WERE HERE,
HE'D SAY THE SAME THING.
VERY WELL.
TWO-HEADED JACKAL WARRIOR,
ATTACK!
WE'LL FIGHT.
YOU FIND BAKURA!
GOOD LUCK!
RIGHT! AND THE SAME
TO YOU, MY FRIENDS.
NOT TO WORRY, MY FRIENDS.
SOON, REVENGE WILL BE OURS.
THE SON SHALL PAY
FOR THE SINS OF HIS FATHER.
[NEIGHING]
[THINKING]
SHOW YOURSELF, BAKURA.
I KNOW YOU'RE IN HERE!
Bakura: HA HA HA!
I MUST SAY
I'M IMPRESSED, PHARAOH.
YOUR FATHER NEVER HAD
THE COURAGE TO COME HERE,
WHICH MAKES HIM
A WISER MAN THAN YOU!
Shada: MANA! WATCH OUT!
UH...NICELY DONE.
HUH?
AHH...
I SEE YOU'RE BACK FROM
THE EDGE OF THE SHADOWS.
WELL, NOT FOR LONG!
LET'S DUEL!
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD HAVE
A LOOK AT FIRST.
[CHUCKLING]
IS THAT THE LEGENDARY
MILLENNIUM
STONE TABLET?!
THE ONE AND ONLY!
AND AS YOU CAN SEE,
EACH OF THE 7 ITEMS
FIT NEATLY INSIDE.
OH, AND DID I MENTION?
THE STONE IS GUARDED
BY THE VERY SPIRITS
WHO WERE IMPRISONED
IN ORDER TO CREATE IT!
YOUR FATHER DESTROYED
THEIR VILLAGE
AND CAPTURED THEIR SOULS
IN AN ATTEMPT TO
GAIN THE POWER
TO DOMINATE MANKIND!
"HOW DO I KNOW,"
YOU ASK?
BECAUSE I AM THE ONLY
VILLAGER WHO ESCAPED!
THE "SOUL SURVIVOR",
IF YOU WILL.
MY FATHER CREATED
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
TO BRING PEACE
AND PROSPERITY
TO EGYPT!
UNDERSTAND?!
I UNDERSTAND THAT'S
WHAT YOU'VE BEEN TOLD
BY YOUR SO-CALLED
GUARDIANS,
BUT THEY LIED!
NOW, SPIRITS,
OPEN HIS EYES
TO THE TRUTH!
[GASP]
AAH!
SOON YOUR SPIRIT SHALL
JOIN THEIRS, PHARAOH!
TRAPPED FOR ALL ETERNITY!
[GRUNTING]
AND WITHOUT YOUR
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
YOU'RE POWERLESS!
FINALLY, AFTER YEARS
OF HIDING IN
THE DARKEST SHADOWS,
THE TOWN OF KUL ELNA
STRIKES BACK!
IT'S ALMOST POETIC.
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S THIS?!
WHEN YOU THREATEN
THE PHARAOH,
YOU THREATEN ME!
YOU!
MAHAD.
OH, I SEE...
GETTING DESTROYED ONCE
WASN'T ENOUGH,
SO YOU DECIDED TO
COME BACK FOR ROUND TWO!
I'M HERE TO SAVE MY KING.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
PUT YOURSELF
IN HARM'S WAY AGAIN.
I MADE A VOW TO ALWAYS
PROTECT YOU, PHARAOH.
THAT PROMISE WILL HOLD TRUE
NO MATTER HOW POWERFUL
OUR FOE MAY BE!
MAHAD, TELL ME...
DID MY FATHER TRULY
DESTROY A VILLAGE
IN ORDER TO FORGE
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS?
EXCUSE ME!
I CAN ANSWER THAT!
SEEING AS I WAS THERE
WHEN IT ALL HAPPENED.
AND BELIEVE ME...
IT WAS AN EVENING
THAT I'LL NEVER FORGET!
I WATCHED IN HORROR
AS YOUR FATHER'S HENCHMEN
HARNESSED THE SPIRITS
OF MY FELLOW VILLAGERS
TO FURTHER HIS OWN
SELFISH NEEDS.
HOW COULD HE?
MY OWN FATHER?
WHAT BAKURA HAS FAILED
TO MENTION
IS THAT EVERY CITIZEN
OF HIS VILLAGE WAS EVIL.
HMM? BUT HOW
DO YOU KNOW THAT?
I ALWAYS SENSED A DARKNESS
WITHIN MY MILLENNIUM RING,
SO I BEGAN TO RESEARCH
THE SPELL USED TO CREATE IT.
I THEN REPORTED MY FINDINGS
TO YOUR FATHER,
AND HE WAS AS SURPRISED
AS I WAS
WHEN HE LEARNED WHAT
HAD OCCURRED AT KUL ELNA.
OH, NO.
HOW CAN THESE ITEMS
BRING PEACE
IF THEY'RE PLAGUED
BY EVIL?
IT'S NOT
YOUR FAULT, SIR.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW.
MAHAD, I AM THE KING
OF EGYPT.
EVERY TASK CARRIED
OUT BY MY GUARDS IS
MY RESPONSIBILITY,
AND NOW...
I MUST PAY
BY CONFESSING MY CRIME
TO THE EGYPTIAN GODS.
HE WAS INNOCENT!
YOUR FATHER TOOK THE BLAME
SO THAT YOU COULD
CONTINUE HIS LEGACY
BY FINALLY BRINGING PEACE
TO THE LAND OF EGYPT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ARE YOU TWO
FINISHED YET?!
HA HA HA!
NOW, MY SPIRITS,
DESTROY BOTH OF THESE FOOLS!
BY BRINGING THE MILLENNIUM
ITEMS INTO THIS WORLD,
I HAVE UNLEASHED
A GREAT THREAT.
MY REIGN WILL SOON END,
BUT PLEASE GUIDE MY SON
SO THAT HE MAY USE THESE
ITEMS TO RESTORE PEACE.
MY FATHER
WAS A WORTHY KING!
AND I OWE IT TO HIM
TO TAKE YOU DOWN
AND RETURN THIS LAND
TO THE PROSPERITY
IT ONCE KNEW!
AAH!
IN THE NAME OF
THE FORMER PHARAOH,
RETURN YOUR
MILLENNIUM ITEMS TO
WHERE THEY BELONG!
AND I SUPPOSE YOU THINK
THEY BELONG WITH YOU.
IF YOU WERE TRULY
PAYING ATTENTION,
YOU'D KNOW THAT THE ITEMS
ARE MEANT TO BE BACK
IN THEIR ORIGINAL
RESTING PLACE,
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHERE I PLAN TO PUT THEM!
NEVER!
HAVE IT YOUR WAY!
NOW, DIABOUND,
COME FORTH!
[ROARING]
AS YOU CAN SEE,
THANKS TO THE POWER
OF MY MILLENNIUM ITEMS,
MY DIABOUND HAS EVOLVED
ONCE AGAIN!
AND ONCE I DESTROY YOU,
HIS STRENGTH WILL
KNOW NO BOUNDS!
[ROARING]
MAHAD! BE CAREFUL!
DIABOUND,
THUNDERFORCE ATTACK!
DARK MAGIC PORTAL!
WHAT'S THAT?!
BEHOLD! THIS VORTEX
WILL ABSORB YOUR ATTACK
AND REDIRECT ITS TARGET!
SO YOUR ASSAULT
HAS BACKFIRED!
HUH?!
NO! IT'LL CRUSH
THE MILLENNIUM STONE!
DIABOUND!
STOP THAT PILLAR!
NICE TRY, MAHAD.
ATTACK ALL YOU WANT.
YOU'LL NEVER DEFEAT
MY DIABOUND!
AND IF YOU THINK
HE'S A FORCE TO BE
RECKONED WITH,
THEN JUST WAIT UNTIL
YOU MEET ZORC THE DARK ONE!
DID YOU SAY "ZORC?!"
ZORC THE DARK ONE
WILL AWAKEN.
THIS STONE TABLET
CONCEALS THE SOURCE
OF MY TRUE POWER,
SO I SHALL CALL UPON
ANOTHER SHADOW CREATURE
TO PROTECT IT!
MEET MY SKELETON FIEND!
TWO BEASTS?!
YES, DOUBLE THE DESTRUCTION,
DOUBLE THE FUN!
NOW IS ANYONE UP
FOR A GAME OF HIDE-AND-SEEK?
WELL, I AM!
[ROARING]
LOOK! HIS CREATURE!
IT'S GONE!
WE MUSTN'T LET IT
GET AWAY!
RAPID SPELL FIRE!
MY DIABOUND IS CONCEALED
BY THE DARKNESS,
SO TRYING TO ATTACK HIM
IS POINTLESS!
HMM. WE WEREN'T
ATTACKING HIM.
NO! BUT HOW DID YOU
EXPOSE MY CREATURE?!
WE SIMPLY BRIGHTENED UP
THE ROOM TO PENETRATE
THE DARKNESS!
NOW, MAHAD!
FINISH HIM OFF!
AAH!
IT'S OVER!
NOT YET.
YOUR SPELL-CASTER MAY HAVE
IMPROVED HIS SKILLS,
BUT I'M AFRAID
HE'S STILL NOT GOOD
ENOUGH TO KEEP ME DOWN.
HUH?
NOW, DARK SPIRITS,
FILL ME WITH YOUR POWER
SO I MAY AVENGE
YOUR SUFFERING!
HA HA HA!
[ROARING]
IT'S EVEN
STRONGER NOW!
QUICKLY, MAHAD!
ATTACK!
HE BLOCKED IT!
DIABOUND!
SPIRAL WAVE ATTACK!!
[GRUNTING]
NO! MAHAD!
TIME TO SEAL YOUR FRIEND
AWAY FOR ALL ETERNITY!
LIGHTNING BLAST!
AH. GAME OVER.
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN
IS NO MORE.
THIS CAN'T BE.
Girl: MAHAD IS SAFE,
MY PHARAOH.
BUT HOW?
WHO SUMMONED YOU?
A FORMER STUDENT
OF YOURS.
MANA!
THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
NEED SOME HELP.
HA HA HA!